Update sharepoint-server-2016-zero-downtime-patching-steps.md (#2656)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointServer/upgrade-and-update/sharepoint-server-2016-zero-downtime-patching-steps.md

Make sure you've rebooted and tested your WFEs before you take either out of the load balancer to avoid situations where the WFE to be patched first is taken out of rotation, and other WFEs don't handle the resulting load. All servers in the farm should be fresh from a reboot and healthy before you patch. Also, consider stopping Search crawls and Profile Imports during the upgrade or patch window.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Running in side-by-side ensures that all the web front ends in the farm serve the same static content during the upgrade, even if static files on a given WFE are being upgraded or replaced. Side-by-side is built into PSCONFIG but must be enabled. This feature makes sure users have the same experience of the sites when browsing SharePoint and working on their files, even while file-system files are being changed and updated.
>

> > To enable the side-by-side functionality, execute the following PowerShell script once by using the URL for one of the content web-applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To enable the side-by-side functionality, execute the following PowerShell script once by using the URL for one of the content web applications:
```

>
> `$webapp = Get-SPWebApplication <webappURL>`  
> `$webapp.WebService.EnableSideBySide = $true`  
> `$webapp.WebService.update()`
>

> > As of [KB3178672](https://support.microsoft.com/help/3178672) (March 2017 update) for SharePoint Server 2016 and above, PSCONFIG will automatically copy all .js, .css and .htm files within the `16-HIVE\TEMPLATE\LAYOUTS` folder to the `16-HIVE\TEMPLATE\LAYOUTS\<NEW BUILD NUMBER>` folder, required to be able to switch to the new user interface files and complete the side-by-side process as outlined in 'Phase 2 - PSCONFIG upgrade - 4.' further below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As of [KB3178672](https://support.microsoft.com/help/3178672) (March 2017 update) for SharePoint Server 2016 and above, PSCONFIG will automatically copy all .js, .css, and .htm files within the `16-HIVE\TEMPLATE\LAYOUTS` folder to the `16-HIVE\TEMPLATE\LAYOUTS\<NEW BUILD NUMBER>` folder, required to be able to switch to the new user interface files and complete the side-by-side process as outlined later in this topic in **Phase 2 - PSCONFIG upgrade (4)**.
```
